Name:Tao Zhang
Major:Computer Science
Number:2018141451320
Date:25 October 2018
The Turpitude Behind The Screen
	It is hard to imagine how dirty a trick could be, or how despairing the person basely slandered would feel, one of whom is my friend Andrew. When I entered high school, he was suddenly attacked in the Internet, which was an evil and overt conspiracy. 
	To be honest with you, Andrew used to be a rebarbative boy at the time of his junior high school. The times he cracked jokes were much more than these he had meals. If the joke was hilarious, it would be just a harmless prank, that's all it was. However, unfortunately, he has no talent in make jocks. As a result, I would rather eat something going bad than stay with him. It is terrible! What is worse, he enjoyed his jocks, unwittingly offending many people.
When he entered a senior middle school, he realized how stupid he used to be, and he changed a lot. However, some girls publish his past behavior to the Internet. Andrew was known to many people as an aberration. After that, the students around Andrew who had read the article become keep him at arm's length. Andrew’s pace of study and life were disrupted severely. He sank into a whirlpool of Cyberspace. What’s worse, the real life was also becoming a mass. He was so afraid of being laughed at by his classmates that thought about this matter from morning to night. Because of his poor sleep, he was in poor spirits. He could not focus attention on what teacher said in class. One day he even walked into the ladies' room without noticing. Meanwhile, he was not willing to talk with each other anymore. In addition to that, He must endure others' ridicule every day.
	Time went fast. When we thought that this disturbance was going to calm down, there was something unexpected happening. It was the most deliberate, nasty and vicious attack I had ever met. A dirty man imitated his tone to send an anonymous letter with some vile words to those girls. This conspiracy was conspiracy and easy to be seen through. However, as you know, there were always considerable quantity of netizens who had a myopic attitude on the Internet. Firstly, those girls were so angry that they showed that letter online and started to scold back without any thinking. It was a spark igniting the lead wire of explosives, setting Andrew into the depths of loneliness, humiliation and despair. The wall-to-wall abuse on the Internet from many students, which constituted to build a closet of isolation and despair to imprison Andrew. He began to hate study, life, and even himself. You could imagine the sight when a rabbit met a lion. And it was as same as that when Andrew met other students. If you looked into his eyes, what you could find were just anger and despair. One day I tried to comfort him. “I want to find the one who framed me,” cried Andrew, “and all perish together.” 
	It is a fact that the fast development of Internet are making our life more and more convenient. However, it as well as make some wicked thing or even evil put into action easily. I don’t know what the intention of the mystery person is. And I can’t understand why he play such a conspiracy on Andrew like that. What I can do for Andrew is just to comfort him. And I have no ability and technology to find the IP of that anonymous letter. Every coin has its two sides. While the Internet improved the quality of our lives, it also makes the cost of crime much cheaper, and everyone have the chance to become an accomplice of network violence virtually. Because of the characteristics of the globalization and virtualization in cyber space, which bring up the intelligent, concealment, wide performance and other characteristics in the cyber violence. There are many person like Andrew living under the enormous shadow of the threat of. The peace of their normal life is often destroyed, and even some of them choose to commit suicide. While the perpetrator probable cost nothing. They can destroy a person easily only by typing. The turpitude behind the screen is a deadly sin!
The cyber violence left him indelible pain. He became silent. And after a long time,  Andrew eventually went through this period of sad time.